[Intro]
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I wanted a way to combine all my passions for design, photography, animation, and story-telling into one career.
I took a lot of design courses in high school that opened me up to the opportunity of Graphic Design.
[What influences your work as a designer?]
The various media that I consume, whether it’s TV shows or books, plays a large part in influencing my current work,
as well as the artists I follow on social media who are constantly adapting and responding to world and cultural events.
[What is your unique selling point as a designer?]
The way that I use illustration in combination with motion to tell stories.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
I love creating art through many forms of media such as oil painting, photography, making videos, as well as prop and costume design.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
In five years I see myself furthering my career as a Graphic Designer while pursuing my dreams of writing stories and producing videos.
[Outro]